bump version 6.6 tiup (#12520)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

### Step 1: Review compatibility changes

> Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-6.5.0.md#compatibility-changes) in TiDB v6.6.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-6.5.0.md#compatibility-changes) and [deprecated features](/releases/release-6.5.0.md#deprecated-feature) in TiDB v6.5.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.
```

> Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-6.6.0.md#compatibility-changes) and [deprecated features](/releases/release-6.6.0.md#deprecated-feature) in TiDB v6.6.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.

Author: I will make the change in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/12321
```suggestion
Review [the compatibility changes](/releases/release-6.5.0.md#compatibility-changes) in TiDB v6.6.0 release notes. If any changes affect your upgrade, take actions accordingly.
```
